✨ Add `Base64` and a general `Encoded` types (#5615)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/usage/types/encoded.md

---
description: Support for storing data in an encoded form.
---

`EncodedBytes`

> : bytes value being encoded into a bytes value upon serialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: a bytes value which is encoded into a (modified) bytes value upon serialization
```

`EncodedStr`

> : string value being encoded into a string value upon serialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: a string value which is encoded into a (modified) string value upon serialization
```

        return data[13:]

    @classmethod
    def encode(cls, value: bytes) -> bytes:
        return b'**encoded**: ' + value

    @classmethod
    def get_json_format(cls) -> str:
        return 'my-encoder'

MyEncodedBytes = Annotated[bytes, EncodedBytes(encoder=MyEncoder)]
MyEncodedStr = Annotated[str, EncodedStr(encoder=MyEncoder)]

class Model(BaseModel):
    my_encoded_bytes: MyEncodedBytes
    my_encoded_str: Optional[MyEncodedStr] = None

# Initialize the model with encoded data
m = Model(
    my_encoded_bytes=b'**encoded**: some bytes', my_encoded_str='**encoded**: some str'
)

# Access decoded value
print(m.my_encoded_bytes)
#> b'some bytes'
print(m.my_encoded_str)
#> some str

# Serialize into the encoded form
print(m.model_dump())
"""
{
    'my_encoded_bytes': b'**encoded**: some bytes',
    'my_encoded_str': '**encoded**: some str',
}
"""

# Validate encoded data
try:
    Model(my_encoded_bytes=b'**undecodable**')
except ValidationError as e:
    print(e)
    """
    1 validation error for Model
    my_encoded_bytes
      Value error, Cannot decode data [type=value_error, input_value=b'**undecodable**', input_type=bytes]
    """
```

## Base64 encoding support

> *pydantic* uses `EncodedBytes` and `EncodedStr` types for `base64` implementation in `Base64Bytes` and `Base64Str` respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, pydantic uses the `pydantic.types.EncodedBytes` and `pydantic.types.EncodedStr` annotations with `pydantic.types.Base64Encoder`
to implement base64 encoding/decoding in the `Base64Bytes` and `Base64Str` types respectively:
```

> Internally, pydantic uses the `pydantic.types.EncodedBytes` and `pydantic.types.EncodedStr` annotations with `pydantic.types.Base64Encoder` to implement base64 encoding/decoding in the `Base64Bytes` and `Base64Str` types respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Internally, pydantic uses the `pydantic.types.EncodedBytes` and `pydantic.types.EncodedStr` annotations with `pydantic.types.Base64Encoder` to implement base64 encoding/decoding in the `Base64Bytes` and `Base64Str` types, respectively.
```
